well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we've got a story something
something that happened in my little
circle of friends
that i just find hilarious um and it's a
cool story inspirational story really
one of those american dream stories rags
to riches type things
i know this guy and he started off years
ago
as a laborer on a construction crew
he's making like seven bucks an hour
over the years through a lot of hard
work
some good decision making and a whole
lot of luck and he'll be the first one
to tell you there was a whole lot of
luck involved
he made it big
he's a general contractor now and he
makes a boatload of money he drives like
an eighty thousand dollar truck and has
a house down on 30a
it's like redneck 90210 it's down on the
beach most houses down there run a
million bucks or more
even at this stage where he is
definitely the boss
you know
one day each week he goes and spends
with each one of his crews
swinging a hammer like actually doing
manual work
and uh he says it's you know quality
assurance and to let the guys know that
you know he's
he's still going to work with them they
don't work for him
it's cool idea you know and it's paid
off for him
so much so that one of the other general
contractors who works for the same big
developer
basically what they do is they build
subdivisions
so they're building the same house like
over and over again
the same floor plan and the
other general contractor asked him he's
like you know
your guys finish a house almost twice as
fast as mine do
you know that means you're getting more
profit out of them
for the labor and you're getting the
early completion bonus you know what
gives how do you
how do you do this my friend was like
i shared the share the early completion
bonus with them
and uh if you don't know
we just voted in here in florida that
everybody's going to be bumped up to 15
bucks an hour
over the next few years that's going to
be the new minimum wage it's going to
raise steadily
the guy asks him if he's still going to
do that
now that he has to pay him fifteen
dollars an hour
my friend said nobody in the company
makes less than 19.
man that's a cool story when you really
think about it and it's something that
has proven true time and time again in
my experience
those people who make it
you know who came from kind of the
bottom and work their way up
they always tend to be the best boss
more importantly they tend to not be a
boss
they tend to be a leader they tend to be
somebody that is working with
their employees their employees aren't
working for them
and it makes a lot of difference it also
seems
to be the case that when employees have
a stake
in the company and they kind of control
the production
and benefit from it that they perform
better
it has never let me down this this
general idea
that the best capitalists that i have
ever met
all behaved like socialists when it came
to their employees
they made sure that they had a stake in
it they made sure that they were
rewarded for their efforts
it might be something that corporate
america takes note of
because the most profitable of
all of those general contractors that
work for that developer
is the one that pays the most
maybe we shouldn't be striving
to uh pay employees as little as
possible
maybe the idea of a minimum wage
shouldn't be necessary not because we
can pay people whatever
meager amount we can get away with but
because
we know that rewarding labor
is how you generate money it's how you
generate
capital anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day